.1xx sdk feature band extended support policy update. (#35211)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/versioning-sdk-msbuild-vs.md

> [!NOTE]
> Targeting `net6.0` is officially supported in Visual Studio 17.0+ only.
> Targeting `net7.0` is officially supported in Visual Studio 17.4+ only.

> > 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
```

> <sup>4</sup> 6.0.300 and newer SDKs require a minimum Visual Studio version of 17.0.
>
> <sup>5</sup> 7.0.200 and newer SDKs require a minimum Visual Studio version of 17.4.
> 

> > <sup>6</sup> Starting .NET 6, .1xx SDK feature band is supported throughout the lifecycle of .NET major versions. During the extended period, support is limited to security fixes and minimal absolutely required fixes (non-security) for Linux only. To learn more about the reasoning for this extended support, refer to this [document](https://github.com/dotnet/source-build#support).

Reviewer: Some minor clean up here. I would also change the "document" link text to something more descriptive.

```suggestion
> <sup>6</sup> Starting with .NET 6, .1xx SDK feature band is supported throughout the lifecycle of major .NET versions. During the extended support period, support is limited to security fixes and minimal high-priority non-security fixes for Linux only. To learn more about the reasoning for this extended support, refer to this [document](https://github.com/dotnet/source-build#support).
```

> > <sup>6</sup> Starting with .NET 6, .1xx SDK feature band is supported throughout the lifecycle of major .NET versions. During the extended support period, support is limited to security fixes and minimal high-priority non-security fixes for Linux only. To learn more about the reasoning for this extended support, refer to this [document](https://github.com/dotnet/source-build#support).

Reviewer 2: It doesn't feel necessary to say `Starting with .NET 6` because as of now all in-support versions have this support policy.  Over time it will become meaningless to start with this.
